masterwork/myStore/TC18_PrivacyPolicyOpenAndCheckTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC18_PrivacyPolicyOpenAndCheckTest
masterwork/myStore/Pages/ChangePasswordPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.ChangePasswordPage
masterwork/myStore/TC02_To_TC10_SignUpIsFailTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC02_To_TC10_SignUpIsFailTest
masterwork/myStore/TC22_RepetitiveDataEntryTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC22_RepetitiveDataEntryTest
masterwork/myStore/BaseTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.BaseTest
masterwork/myStore/Pages/MacBookPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.MacBookPage
masterwork/myStore/Pages/MyAccountPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.MyAccountPage
masterwork/myStore/TC24_SaveMoreProductDataToFilesTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC24_SaveMoreProductDataToFilesTest
masterwork/myStore/Pages/SignUpPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.SignUpPage
masterwork/myStore/Pages/AllDesktopProductsPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.AllDesktopProductsPage
masterwork/myStore/Pages/LoginPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.LoginPage
masterwork/myStore/TC11_LoginIsSuccessTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC11_LoginIsSuccessTest
masterwork/myStore/TC19_ProductListingTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC19_ProductListingTest
masterwork/myStore/Pages/BasePage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.BasePage
masterwork/myStore/Pages/HomePage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.HomePage
masterwork/myStore/TC12_To_TC17_LoginIsFailTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC12_To_TC17_LoginIsFailTest
masterwork/myStore/TC21_SendProductReviewSuccessTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC21_SendProductReviewSuccessTest
masterwork/myStore/Pages/PhonesAndPDAsPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.PhonesAndPDAsPage
masterwork/myStore/Pages/AddressBookModifyPage.java
 masterwork.myStore.Pages.AddressBookModifyPage
masterwork/myStore/TC23_DeleteAddressSuccessfulTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC23_DeleteAddressSuccessfulTest
masterwork/myStore/TC25_LogoutSuccessTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC25_LogoutSuccessTest
masterwork/myStore/TC26_PasswordChangingSuccessTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC26_PasswordChangingSuccessTest
masterwork/myStore/TC20_PaginationSuccessfulTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC20_PaginationSuccessfulTest
masterwork/myStore/TC01_SignUpIsSuccessTest.java
 masterwork.myStore.TC01_SignUpIsSuccessTest
